Update Realtime Database quickstart instructions (#692)
firebase/quickstart-js: database/README.md

 1. Create your project on the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com).
 1. Enable the **Google** sign-in provider in the **Authentication > SIGN-IN METHOD** tab.
 1. Enable Realtime Database by going to **Realtime Database > Create Database**

>  1. In the **Realtime Database > Rules** tab, use the following rules to allow all authenticated users during development:
>     ```json
>      {
>       "rules": {
>         ".read": "auth.uid !== null",
>         ".write": "auth.uid !== null"
>       }
>      }
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. In the **Realtime Database > Rules** tab, use the following rules to restrict writes to user data, but allow all authenticated users to read data during development:
    ```json
    {
      "rules": {
        "posts": {
          ".write": "auth.uid !== null",
          ".read": "auth.uid !== null"
        },
        "post-comments": {
          ".write": "auth.uid !== null",
          ".read": "auth.uid !== null"
        },
        "users": {
          "$uid": {
            ".write": "$uid === auth.uid",
            ".read": "auth.uid !== null"
          }
        },
        "user-posts": {
          "$uid": {
            ".write": "$uid === auth.uid",
            ".read": "auth.uid !== null"
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
```
